this house is 8 million dollars house is
not worth eight million and you'll get
hit by a bus if the driver does what
he's paid to do whoa there are a million
reasons not to like ouran little touch
my car and I'll have you straight near
down the pieces cut their hair what
you're gonna say really worth what I'm
about to say back just ask everyone
complained to the manager we have well
did she happen to mention that i own
this building he's a little insensitive
by i have sold houses older than you all
right a lot worse condition that makes
me feel good to complement night a
little rude i miss done i need a woman's
perspective your closest thing to it you
always could charm me i do we no no no
you're unbelievable bingo this summer I
need you to take care of my daughter
while I'm gone I it's my son but who's
that Melissa my granddaughter she's
probably quite a Molony and sexing make
ones from the director of the bucket
list who's not to do this yourself if
you do it wrong I'm gonna make someone a
great wife someday and when harry met
sally comes a comedy take that box put
it on that boxes on that box hey you
harder about friendship and the only
friends you've done i found somebody
else who likes me so you can die now
family now what is your favorite color
for your room purple not assess no good
that's bad for rentals and the little
things that bring us all together as
time i have sex it tore my ACL is just
some pathetic attempt at flirtation well
when you put it that way Michael Douglas
diane keaton you met ma'am there's no
smoking in here good you're too young to
smoke
and so it goes what are you doing oh you
can't do that shut up today see this is
what happens when you have sex I can
make anybody cry
you